Update README to specify ONE Compiler nightly requirement (#3)
Samsung/TICO: README.md

0. Prerequisites

- Python 3.10
- [one-compiler nightly](https://github.com/Samsung/TICO/issues/2)
  - This project depends on [ONE](https://github.com/Samsung/ONE) Compiler, and it uses 
  nightly features that are not yet available in the official release. Until one-compiler 1.30.0

>   is released, you must use a prebuilt nighlty version of ONE Compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is released, you must use a pre-built nighlty version of ONE Compiler.
```

(trivial)
